hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel if you're new here
my name is Olivia Jarvis today I'm gonna
do a drive with me and like a mukbang
mcbomb seems many people will call it
loads of different things to do if it's
Mike bhana mukbang I think I'm gonna
call it like bang you've all enjoyed my
McDonald's 24 hour challenge so I
thought I'd do you I know they're like
similar kind of styled video and just
have a little chat and oh my god can we
just take a minute and we just take a
minute I've just been to get my hair
done you should feel like a new you and
only you have
yeah I'm just outside my hairdresser as
it is it's 21st three already this day
has just gone so quick I'm having a bit
the snooze and her dress at one point as
well and I've got some posts I need to
take the post off it this is actually
quite a funny one so sort something on
deep pop yesterday and the area that I
get my hair done it is like five minutes
I mean I thought the chance of that
browser so rather than takes of both
office I'm gonna deliver it by hand
which I couldn't decide if was a bit
strange and we're just rocking up
knocking on the door it's not like you
can leave it you know outside the door
so don't know how this is gonna go down
I'm gonna do it anyway I haven't I
didn't want to message her but oh hey
I'm gonna drop your parcel off-street an
ox run isn't that really the right knee
dress on it but I'm gonna take you guys
with me and gonna go to live default
part of my hand
and then get it to McDonald sorry guys
you're gonna have to listen to you a bit
of my Sat Nav for this first part
because I'm doing
I've always listened to music that much
actually expected of copyright I was
hoping that all they're gonna be driving
like rush hour so hungry right now
I haven't eaten too much today we lost
you for a week second there Masons in
the car right oh my god I literally
can't drive with Nathan in the car
because he is just such a nightmare like
every two seconds so even my dad
actually I don't know he's worse I'm
gonna have to do a video on that like my
dad's reaction to my driving because
he's so funny he's always like grabbing
hold of the thing hanging on like oh
we're gonna slow down we're going like
10 miles per hour then I'll go in his
phone for two seconds look back up and
be like Lydia what are you doing why
trying out there and then Mason's got
like an invisible invisible brake in the
passenger side that he presses and you
need that most of the week so I feel
quite tired
fixture I'm two minutes away from his
girlfriend's missed it so at the past
off and McDonald's is two minutes we're
on the right I haven't actually been to
this one before yeah my food lunch that
with my hairdresser mentioned she hasn't
beets and so I'm like I'm gonna grab my
hairdresser sensor as well
drop that my kinks is not far yeah we're
at McDonald's nectar so hungry geez
quite small but I feel I got the whole
menu right now I'm starving
mozzarella to fit hello I've gone to the
Freak you here besides taking the hat to
my neighbor lady because I need some
time to think
I think I need a coffee
Oh stress I really want to go I can't
hate one second sorry
please man have I feel like a fish meal
please with a cappuccino please and a
Diet Coke Zero and some chicken nuggets
please
knowing she can move it sweet and sad
and can I have him what's the chicken a
thing
chicken not you get there wrap one oh no
damn it chicken yeah yeah yes okay thank
you
a chicken my chicken is really I Drive
it
I've never actually didn't gonna happen
my chicken I cannot wait probably it's
itchy so excited hi thank you lecie
[Music]
really seriously okay I can't seem to
get my words out I was like what was
that like chicken chicken thing we've
just kind of winged it so I can't wait
the sweets all of just realize I'm going
to actually sit in my car in order to
eat this it's a car hold this camera eat
and drive and chap yeah it's crashed
sure
research
I'm actually a carrier but I've only got
two cupholders
and keep yeah another small sketch for
action - yeah thanks rock
she was looking right and like the curb
I had a pound every time I've curb this
bloody car be a wealthy girl Oh got my
cheese hmm hmm I'm gonna be domain him
I'm sorry I feel rude kinda talking and
you turn I got a fin of fish meal like I
did like I always do I don't know where
I got into these like I'm not vegetarian
or anything so I don't understand why
with some chips as a meal deal needle
dips a meal sweet-and-sour sauce and
nine chicken nugget I don't know why
they don't just make it tend to be
honest but I think it's I don't know
what the knows I'm in the next off he's
like 20 or something but I just fancied
nine I went to Tokyo and I'm so hungry
right now I feel like I won't be very
chatty coverage so starving
cloud of him 215-pound nothing which is
quite presence oh I also got a Diet Coke
and a cappuccino I just I've been
sleeping no nightmares this week I went
to watch escape room in the cinema the
other day and really mess if I had to be
fair like people think of these film
just creeps me out like it was yeah I
didn't know I go to wash like thrillers
or scary feelings because I never sleep
writes a week four days after dolls but
Donald might recall let's get this right
oh oh my god oh my way a guy is just
literally Jesus a guy is just really
nearly gone into side of in not even I
felt what are you doing what Patti okay
oh oh
talking on this car farm today
I hate when people open the car door and
then just bang like whack on yours like
I really just just miss my wing mo he's
gonna go to the only sorry Sherman so
many trips even more hurt now a little
kids come from over my auntie's who take
me for McDonald's got a shape I know
what everyone's does something when I
was really ill best days ever
and way more of like a a sweet and sour
go rather than tomato ketchup
Massa I can see that I've been on like a
few minutes on here and I literally eat
so quick like whenever I got from me I
used to get a bit embarrassed by it to
be fair
I like drink and eat so quick anyway
knows he personally will probably also
know that as well
and I eat absolutely loads Mason I knew
that me mate I went to be because
slightly faster than me probably tips
I don't know yet I always locked my door
when I'm I was imagine one day smell
from here and there's a fish meal finish
and there's a car right next to Hugh
look oh it's the next door look it
oh my god this what I said I can't
believe this girl just hit my car
[Music]
I gotta believe that there's no mark to
her what did I literally just say he's
fixed I hate when people open the car
door and then just bang like whack on
yours like I really just just miss
mowing Oh what did that look she just
say I have people hitting the door I
can't believe that just happened
I should probably but yeah that's bit if
that the secret isn't it like when you
attract what you to talk about I just
covered that maybe jump veggie stew too
much like you know I took this chicken
nugget out with me he'll simply start
with copper I'm gonna revert just
reversing some car and then some you
just hit my car no running out sweetness
I'm into these are the nicest I'll
finish that was so nice yeah well I
really started to eat and talk at the
same time like it just doesn't feel
right and I was literally so hungry
McDonald's diet coke he's literally
heaven I might drive around to get any
of it
it's just so good oh that happened in
the car I cut least one just hit my part
as I was talking about that early that's
quite but yeah let's talk about driving
anyway so I passed my test I think about
three years ago
- that sounds I found a ancient that
sounds so nice so creepy saying that I'm
20 and I passed my test when I was 17
and I had about three two or three
crashes woman yeah woman was probably my
bad and then the other times haven't we
my fault passing my driving test was one
of the biggest I didn't expect its we
were it literally put in a life changer
because you just feel you've just got
your complete freedom you can just get
yourself from A to B and one thing like
I have like a gratitude thing that I do
every now and then and one thing that's
always on there is like just want to get
myself transport myself from a be the
driving is definitely on there but yeah
I think driving if you don't drive I
would definitely recommend taking
lessons got a VW Golf for my first car
and just loved it
definitely I'm a cocker I would really
really like a Range Rover but makes him
mean basement almost everyday I don't
know he was like you works you wouldn't
see a ranger and I was like who said
what during a pursuit the Range Rover I
would really like a big Range Rover like
a new one with a v8 engine oh my god
that'd be good I don't know if they do
yeah they should do the v8 engine and
Eliquis sporty car as well like a
hurricane or something Harry can
hurricane people steamed up with it it's
got that focus I keep looking in the Red
Rocks I'm sorry I'm still getting used
to always I just got my hair done still
getting used to there if this guy I
really hope it isn't opened the car door
now but I'm nervous now I think I need
to get out of here all this gonna do the
McDonald's breakfast wooden eggs I do
quite like the breakfast menu to be fair
I want you to chat right on here just
some questions that I get both on
YouTube and on Instagram about and where
did you get your self-love and
confidence from and have you always been
like that and I shorten to cover this so
I've definitely definitely not always
been confident still have days where I
feel like I feel growth today wanting to
start a personal YouTube channel for
like two years and something I've kind
of always wanted to I must admit I have
it's still actually live you could
probably still find it to be fair I've
got an equestrian horse channel where I
used to post videos on I did also have
like a singing one when I was about ten
I mean I'm really young but I've always
must have always had like an interesting
issue but I've got like I did like a
shout outs one which is hilarious
watching back they told me like in my
bedroom I think I put it in black and
white as well it's so funny yeah I've
always had like an interest in YouTube
and then I think every stage of like I
wonder what I was scared or people think
if I started a YouTube channel when I
was like a bit younger and then it veg
got support actually I don't care I
don't care what people think right it
comes down to you I feel like the more
you care about what who think more other
people care if that makes sense whereas
when you realize no one actually cares
that much about your life like
everyone's just so invested that
everyone's got their own problems going
on if someone has anything bad or talks
about you I think just look at it like
since he's obviously not okay in their
life and they're probably just trying to
take
out on you which isn't fair and you just
ignore that because a lot of things boil
down to like jealousy as well especially
on Instagram like people posting like
their lifestyles or like their
achievements what it's doing where and
then other people feeling inadequate to
that yeah I think it all just comes down
to like whenever I feel comfortable or
worried drastic sure stylish think
family say they wrote Bobbitt with five
seconds but in 10 minutes time they'll
completely forget about it and they'll
go back to their own worries and wants
and whatnot this is like I'm often like
you're never gonna season the game like
if it's in public if you're taking a
picture if I mean MacDonnell's carpark
like now never gonna see these people
again probably probably not I don't know
them personally and yeah just like
definitely just try Ken anyway it's
gonna be rush hour so I'm gonna make a
move I'm gonna drop my hairdresser her
cold fire dye takes me 20 minutes
which isn't too bad at all interested
such a good place to leave in a sense
that is quite easy
he loaded easy access route to get
everywhere if you didn't know that we've
looked at a few more houses which is
just such a bit of a night when they've
been looking since I looked over time
but I think because I'm aiming and are
in about I don't know where I want to be
if I was taping you pay or very like
elsewhere and feel as after I finish my
degree
I just caught I've caught a sudden I
feel like I'm a great believer I do
think things happen for a reason
innocent so obviously you've got to work
your ass off but in the sense of like I
thought I have found half sure like I
now had one I love
house and then it went and I was so good
but it didn't have like great parking
situation so that's that one bro
interview and last week like elderly
anyway
there the router is called and it's
really nice but it was just quite small
and I just thought
we're meeting X I really want like a
room somewhere a lot from home
especially in America more so in from
home so I want a really where I can film
and I can I sort of space that be
noticing that I do hear that is what was
going on that sense I just got something
like uni
finish which is going to be a bit
strange oh my or unique experience
haven't been really I kind of went to
uni at the time because I didn't really
know else I wanted to do and I think it
was I don't regret it by any means but
I'm not sure whether it was the right
decision but ya know everybody I just
I'm studying this
they enjoyed the course I feel like I've
only ever been in uni like two or three
days a week ever which I never really
expected anything so it's a lot less
work than I for example suitable I like
score which I always thought was quite
strange in school you get given this
whole or expectation
that unit are at the bill and field
in this whole especially that you need
to be land it throw a like I've always
been vital entrepreneurial I started to
sell United lollipops
salad stuff I used to sell those are
like eBay and always on a deeper still
sell on people than just partly I like
buying and salad and then I've had so
many different part-time jobs likeness
of a long side you have worked since us
15 part-time we go
uni is great for like very specific
things so if you want to be doctor
surgeon I think it's great back you know
like yeah if you don't know what you
want so don't act
consider I received about a year out
before you go to uni or looking at more
options my main thing I really want to
make sure this year is that like I'm
doing something I enjoy working jobs in
the past where I've absolutely hated
traffic
the line dick straight
so you've got so many options and slowly
wait especially now we've got online
ways there's so much to do it's all just
a Google search or YouTube search to
find out so much but I think the main
thing is just always disappear actually
enjoy I was too short
what's nice is your part time in my
first year of uni and it was good
because it's an Indonesian Rica Darian
made like good commissioners to write
that but it just wasn't for the admin
jobs reception jobs every single so I
started working myself alongside uni and
I feel that I've been so much happier
and I put in a way more outlets dog
overworld and it definitely
a lot more hours but it doesn't really
feel like work and I think that's the
goal here to promote leaders in that
like magical absolutely magical is
integers make shanties
right
freedom and just
how do I always do that pick up the
camera and start moving about so I've
just got home so it is definitely
started to get a bit lighter it's five
o'clock and it isn't pitch back that's
to improvement right thank you so much
watching this video guys I really hope
you enjoyed it and if you'd like to see
more of this star video do let me know
in the comments and if you haven't
already please don't forget to subscribe
to my channel as it really helps me grow
and I would really appreciate it and I
will see you guys in the next video